Hello! You found my shop of strange and wonderful things
The game doesn't start until you say YES.
Now is is the beginning of a fantastic story! Let us make a journey to the Cave of Monsters!
Loose weight and ride the elevators.
A winner is you!
This is a neutral area. All acts of hostilities are prohibited in this area. If violated, you will be attacked.
See your face upon the clean water. How dirty! Come! Wash your face!
Ouch! What do you do?
Berlin at night... An iron curtain just doesn't seem right.
You and your friends are dead.
Buy somethin' will ya!
I'm invincible!
You have completed a great game and prooved the justice of our culture.
Take any one you want.
It's a sad thing that your adventures have ended here!!
I feel asleep!!
It's a secret to everybody.
You need peace of mind. I will meditate with you.
Get the heck out of here, you nerd!
What do ya say! Try buying from me.
Let's play money making game.
A Slime draws near! Command?
1997, October 1, The END DAY.
What, you're going to fight against me?
Let me remove the eggplant curse.
I drink to prepare for a fight. Tonight I am very prepared!
Eastmost penninsula is the secret.
Oh, it's terrible! The King has been transformed! Please find the Magic Wand so we can change him back.
Welcome to warp zone!
Just a girl. Get out of here!
Fly away.
Pay me for the door repair charge.
Join the Nintendo Fun Club Today!
It's dangerous to go alone! Take this.
What a horrible night to have a curse.
You have no ammunition left. You must join the prisoners.
Get extra energy with pizza. You can do it.
This is a well. You might think that there is something to it.... But in fact it is just an ordinary well.
Rend the feelings the heart with painful feelings.
You ain't tough enough for me.
These are the times that try skater's souls.
We're gonna punish you turkeys with our spikes.
My scheme for world domination has faild!
Tonight I dine on turtle soup.
Hey dudes, thanks for rescuing me. Let's go for a burger.
Will help you!
You are greedy. Go to the torture room.
WOW! You lose!
Next event: Hot Dog Aerials.
If all else fails use fire.
You'll need a pocket full of miracles, and the ferocity of a wild jackal.
This story is happy end. Thank you.
Being the wise and courageour knight that you are you feel strongth welling in your body.
To restore your life, shout in front of the church.
I am a slowpoke.
Be garbage of cesspool.
We're not telling!!
Rumor has it, the ferryman at dead river loves garlic.
I will get great pleasure from watching you burn.
Oh well, should have surrendered while he had the chance....
You are relieved that you find nothing inside.
Splash fight.
You little jerks not stand a chance against me!
Help baby boomer find his mom. Don't shoot the nuggets!
This is weird, I seem to be so small. Is this a dream? I look like a video game character. Excellent!
Train, desert, and pyramid. You'll find a clue somewhere!
Bump head to find box.
The turtles are enjoying their vacation on a beach in Florida.
All that has been and all that will be is here for you to know. Dare you glimpse the future? Dare you even ask?
They're like stealing me or something.
Everything you know is wrong.
Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
Two hundred and twenty pounds of twisted steel and sex appeal.
You are crazy officer. After shooting an innocent citizen you are lucky to be sacked not prosecuted. Get out of this station.
You are terminated!
Oh, by the way, have a great April Fool's Day. But remember, everything I just told you is no April Fool's joke.
Very hip daddy-o to the local skate crowd. Look to him for better skateboards.
Gaia is destroyed and bigbang is invoked.
Another fun filled day at school.
The future of mankind rests in the hands of two select members of S.C.A.T.
Regret your lost chance.
Let's melt snow and rebuild N.Y. City.
Touch down! Thurman Thomas.
Animals, plants and products from the factories begin to attack the people.
Hijack in progress. Bagmen are holding many hostages. Save the innocent.
Attack the devil's world!
Do you want to be the Globetrotters?
Ready to rumble! Mr Big has got your brother. Go get him. Good luck kid!
Call me Mr Magic.
Our unwelcome guest won't be bothering us any more. Gentlemen, we are now 640 million dollars richer!
It'll be dark by nightfall.
The morning sun has vanquished the horrible night.
The sleeping villagers think they are living in peace. But, all too soon, they will learn the terrible truth.
Frankenstein has risen from the grave!
You furry little body is no match for my strength.
Entering the Tower of Eyes.
We're gonna give you a gladiator spanking.
We have a computer virus infection, and it's a killer.
You'll be really hot and bothered by this little sizzler!
Fight your way to the Skynet base to travel back to 1984.
Destroy the mother brain the mechanical life vein.
Go get 'em, big boy!
Uh-oh! The truck have started to move!
Amazing paperboy delivers.
I'm the crazy one and I'm super cool. My smash hits will leave 'em cold.
Hold it! You'll never escape from us! G-R-A-S-P.
Shrink when you touch the glove.
This battle will make your blood boil.
